Joan Kandel: Hello.
Brandon Fenley: Hello.
Joan Kandel: Hi, Brandon.
Brandon Fenley: How are you doing,
Brandon Fenley: Oh, I couldn't be better, ma'am. Oh yeah, ma'am. I'm sorry.
Brandon Fenley: I can't see.
Brandon Fenley: Screens all Craig. I didn't mean to do that. I'm sorry. I feel so bad and
Joan Kandel: That's totally fine.
Joan Kandel: At that is totally fine. You are forgiven.
Joan Kandel: I'm Dr candle. My first name is Joan
Oh, hey.
Brandon Fenley: I feel terrible.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: You do you know what you don't have to worry about you're muted right now. You just muted yourself.
Brandon Fenley: Are you doing today. Oh.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'm good, I'm good. I think I'm probably better than you are. Because you're feeling pretty crappy now right
Brandon Fenley: Yes, I stopped a day and a half ago, so I can do this and get my life back on track.
Brandon Fenley: Do it for your hours. So yeah, I got
Brandon Fenley: five kids. Yeah, it's really expensive habit and I'm tired of it.
Brandon Fenley: So,
Brandon Fenley: Yeah yeah
Brandon Fenley: This is diction for like 15 years. No, ma'am. And it's just terrible.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Brandon Fenley: Never got involved with it.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, the place where I live it. They don't have any Suboxone doctors at all or
Joan Kandel: Anything to help you.
Joan Kandel: That's terrible. I'm really glad that you found bright heart because this makes it so much easier.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, my friend. Ryan losing clovers. And he goes through, guys.
Joan Kandel: Good.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am.
Joan Kandel: Perfect. Good. Good. Well, I, I seem to be having some internet problems. It seems like there's kind of a lag and a delay.
Joan Kandel: Are you are you experiencing that yeah
Brandon Fenley: I mean, just a little bit, but I can hear.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good. Okay, so at some point I may need to turn my video off because sometimes that helps a little bit with my with my internet connection because my internet is not so powerful.
Joan Kandel: So I may need to do that. But we'll hang in there and see how it goes.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: You guys are all just a
Shell
Brandon Fenley: On coronavirus
Joan Kandel: I'm in
Joan Kandel: I'm in New Mexico. I'm not earthen dual stay
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: That's cool.
Joan Kandel: Yeah for so bright heart health is is a is based in California, but there, but we're all over the country and we try to keep the the docs kind of local. So I'm in New Mexico.
Brandon Fenley: That's cool.
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: But far away from Clovis
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, that's pretty far.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty far I'm way up north.
Joan Kandel: Well, so, Brandon. I'm really, I'm really happy that you that you found your way here. And it sounds like this has been a long struggle for you 15 years and
Joan Kandel: And what makes it. Time now for you to
Joan Kandel: To get well.
Brandon Fenley: Well,
Brandon Fenley: Honestly, man is just from one getting in trouble. Very good. And show for it, have already been to prison for it. Uh huh, for stealing something doing stuff. So I got charged with felony. So I have my
Brandon Fenley: Gun rights taken away and
Brandon Fenley: Running and do that with my family and I can do that. No more. And then my kids, you know, my kids are suffering because I can't buy a toy or something because my stupid habit.
Brandon Fenley: You know, and, and it's even food on the table. I got a really good job I make really good money and I'm just blown it on it and it's just tournament found me apart and my wife, soon to be wife is not, you know, because she's in prison right now, but she had the same problem as I did.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and
Brandon Fenley: She's clean now. And if I don't eat clean or we're going to get a divorce and I don't want that to happen, which is the love of my life so
Brandon Fenley: Okay.
So I'm ready.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so it's coming down to it, now's the time
Joan Kandel: Everything's kind of on the line for you.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, so we've locked everything because of her habit so
Joan Kandel: Haha
Brandon Fenley: No back of my
Joan Kandel: She's committed to staying clean
Joan Kandel: I see.
Brandon Fenley: Oh yeah yes she's very committed to clean, clean, clean,
Joan Kandel: Is she on Suboxone
Brandon Fenley: knows he's actually in prison right now she's did it cold turkey.
Joan Kandel: But you can you can get the same kind of drugs and jail.
Brandon Fenley: Faster, you can on the streets. So, yeah.
Joan Kandel: It's kind of crazy. Right. Right. Yeah. So some some some jails and prisons are are are doing the right thing and having people be on Suboxone there, but some aren't. So that's why I wondered if maybe she was
Brandon Fenley: Oh yeah, not the prison that she didn't you they will do that like Albuquerque Albuquerque. The NBC there they give you methadone, but
Brandon Fenley: I don't want
Brandon Fenley: To go home because right
Brandon Fenley: I heard that's harder to kick when you're trying to get off of it.
Brandon Fenley: You know what I mean. So
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Brandon Fenley: Well, I don't know. I
Joan Kandel: Think Suboxone box is a great choice. Yes.
Joan Kandel: I think I it sounds good. I mean, it's especially if you're in a place that doesn't have a methadone clinic, you have to go to a methadone clinic every day. And so that would be pretty much impossible for you.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it's a good medication, but it's a it's only good if you can get it.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, and there's nobody who's no nothing to close the closest methadone clinic is in or Suboxone clinic is in Roswell. And that's, like, two hours live for me.
Joan Kandel: Or 80 miles.
Joan Kandel: That's pretty far.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah and there's people here that go there every day.
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow. Yeah, that's tough.
Brandon Fenley: Gosh, good job, Brandon. I'm gonna
Joan Kandel: Right, yeah, it's hard to, it's hard to hold down a job and do that every day.
Brandon Fenley: You smell.
Joan Kandel: I'm Brandon, I'm going to turn off my video because my internet is so slow. So you're just going to see a picture of me, but it's me.
OK.
Joan Kandel: OK, there's my
Brandon Fenley: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: It's the same person.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Brandon Fenley: So, um,
Joan Kandel: Have you been, have you been on Suboxone before
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am. I was on. I was actually on it for two years. And that was the best
Brandon Fenley: Two years of my life actually
Joan Kandel: Oh well. Well, good. So you have some good experience on it and you know that
Joan Kandel: How, how it can help you be stable. Why did you stop taking it.
Um,
Brandon Fenley: Was reason why I stopped, um,
Brandon Fenley: Is because um
Brandon Fenley: But this is back in 2008, I believe, and
Brandon Fenley: I guess I wasn't on Medicaid was when I was living in Arizona, and I had to pay out of pocket, and it was like $200 every visit and I couldn't afford it.
Brandon Fenley: Okay, and actually relapse.
Brandon Fenley: So I just stopped taking it to be honest with you.
Joan Kandel: Got it. Yeah. Right. Okay. Well, I'm glad you found your way back. That's good.
Joan Kandel: So how much, what are you using now and how much we're using
Brandon Fenley: I'm using heroin and I usually use prayer gram a day.
Brandon Fenley: My last
Brandon Fenley: My last time I use was a
Brandon Fenley: day and a half ago, so it's it's
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Brandon Fenley: So it's been hell yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'll bet it's been really hard.
Brandon Fenley: I've been living in the bathroom so
Joan Kandel: Right.
Joan Kandel: Exactly is that
Joan Kandel: easing up at all or is it still just as bad.
Brandon Fenley: It's no it's still pretty bad. My actually, it's easy, nobody
Brandon Fenley: And throw up this morning but
Brandon Fenley: But I still have very, very bad.
Joan Kandel: The runs
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: And what other symptoms are you having right now.
Brandon Fenley: No, I'm just like, It's a nice day out and I'm cold all the time. I got chills. The tremors are bad.
K
Brandon Fenley: Is just
Terrible.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, because your as your anxiety level.
Brandon Fenley: It's pretty bad.
Brandon Fenley: My give a walk into Walmart right now.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Brandon Fenley: Oh,
Alright, I'm
Joan Kandel: Miserable. How do you, how do you use heroin, do you shoot it snark pocket.
Brandon Fenley: I smoke it or short it shoot it if I don't have a syringe mostly shoot it.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how our your veins.
Brandon Fenley: I don't have been some more. So I've been muscling it
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And do you have you had abscesses.
Brandon Fenley: Infection. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, I've had abscesses. I've had three of them in my life.
Joan Kandel: A lot haha
That's
Brandon Fenley: A one, I went one was pretty bad. It took the doctor like 45 minutes to squeeze out all the nastiness.
So,
Brandon Fenley: But right now I don't have any access to seminar was just feels like my arms like a
Brandon Fenley: Like a piece of metal.
Brandon Fenley: So, but the past week I had a
Joan Kandel: Hard
Brandon Fenley: You mean he had the West. Last week I threw away my whole because I can buy syringes at Walgreens.
Brandon Fenley: And I just threw a box last week, cuz I'm just tired of it. And so I've been shot and
Brandon Fenley: And party like week and a half or so I just been smoking in. Oh.
OK.
Joan Kandel: OK, God
Joan Kandel: And when you muscle. It is that usually in your arms or legs or both.
Brandon Fenley: I just my arms.
Joan Kandel: Just your arms, not in your legs.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, Emily.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Can you show me your arms so I can see what they look like.
Brandon Fenley: You see it.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah, so usually up in there. Uh huh. You don't even try for a vein anymore.
No.
Brandon Fenley: And then us to my other arm.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that'd be great.
Got it.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
You tell where you
Joan Kandel: Do you have, I can, I can see that. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Do you have tracks on the inside of your elbows from before, when you used to go
Brandon Fenley: Yes, um, you know, in seconds, we get up.
Brandon Fenley: Soon go light sees
Brandon Fenley: Oh, man.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Oh, I'm sorry. I can see you're so miserable.
Joan Kandel: Soon it will be over, you'll be feeling better, very soon.
Brandon Fenley: Are you keep see
Joan Kandel: put the camera down just a little bit because they are a little high on your arm.
Joan Kandel: Right. There we go. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Sure can.
Brandon Fenley: And then this to
Brandon Fenley: You this one. I went all the way to my bicep. This is long time
So,
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I can kind of see it. Okay, thank you. Brandon
Brandon Fenley: You're welcome. It's kind of embarrassing to show you. Yeah, I tried to hide.
Joan Kandel: No, that's fine.
Joan Kandel: Sure. Right.
Joan Kandel: Um, how about how about other drugs. Besides, okay.
I'm
Brandon Fenley: Not nothing really like I've
Brandon Fenley: I've tried message before and like speed ball, but I don't like that stuff. It's just terrible.
Brandon Fenley: I don't like how it feels. I don't like staying up all night or with my drugs. When I first started was pain pills. Those the oxy 30s and
Brandon Fenley: And then went to
Brandon Fenley: Heroin
Brandon Fenley: Other than that, that was it. That's all I do.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Okay, what about what about bentos exam.
Brandon Fenley: No, I, I've tried Xanax one time and I slept for like four days straight. When are doing the bars or whatever.
Brandon Fenley: Was there was there called the bars, the bars.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah I did one of those. And that was like a lot, I think, and I did that. And I was asleep.
Brandon Fenley: So check
Brandon Fenley: Your house.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: How about alcohol.
Brandon Fenley: No, I am not alcoholic or drink it all or nothing. Let's tell my drink was
Brandon Fenley: About three times a week at all. No.
Brandon Fenley: Because my dad is okay.
Brandon Fenley: My dad's a very bad alcoholic.
Brandon Fenley: Abuse and molested by my father when I was younger.
Joan Kandel: I'm
Joan Kandel: Sorry to hear that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Brandon Fenley: That was him she live
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, he's alive I forgave him and I talked to him about once a year.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Does he live close by.
Brandon Fenley: No, he actually lives in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Brandon Fenley: I live in my mother and
Joan Kandel: stepfather, um,
Joan Kandel: Got it. And is your mom healthy
Brandon Fenley: Yes. My mom is very healthy. She's
Brandon Fenley: She's the one has been pushed me and pushed me and pushed me and you know i'll stop real longer I will be in the streets, so
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right.
Joan Kandel: And brothers and sisters
Brandon Fenley: Um, my step. My dad has I have had you have sisters. I never see I'm pretty much banded from that family.
Joan Kandel: But other than that, I'm my mom's living the
Brandon Fenley: Only child in my step dad has two kids in the zone but they never come over are barely speak to them.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Joan Kandel: Alright, sounds like you're kind of close to your mom.
Brandon Fenley: Yes. My mom is pretty much all right hand man.
Joan Kandel: She's the one nice, it's good that you have somebody like that.
Brandon Fenley: Never gave up on it sounds
Joan Kandel: Like your
Joan Kandel: That's great. It sounds like you and your fiance are pretty tight.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, we are.
Joan Kandel: Good.
Joan Kandel: So tell me about tobacco.
Brandon Fenley: Smoke a pack of cigarettes today will I haven't
Brandon Fenley: I've only smoke. One cigarette right now. I was talking to you. And that was it. And I was pretty gross.
Brandon Fenley: All the everything. It tastes.
Brandon Fenley: Everything. It tastes. It tastes terrible
Joan Kandel: And I was like, Whoa, wow, okay.
Brandon Fenley: But do it out.
Joan Kandel: I noticed it didn't last very long.
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: I remember successfully.
Quit
Brandon Fenley: Smoking cigarettes. No, ma'am.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: No.
Brandon Fenley: Um, no. I would love to. I wanted to
Joan Kandel: Look at, well, maybe down the road, Brandon, we can work on that.
Brandon Fenley: I don't know about that the stuff they see on TV that uh
Brandon Fenley: What's that medicine called
Joan Kandel: Chantix
Brandon Fenley: Yeah Chantix but I heard it's like dance. I
Joan Kandel: Can help a lot.
Joan Kandel: Okay, can help a lot.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. And then there's nicotine replacement
Joan Kandel: Yeah, sure. We can down the road. Let's work on that. That would be really good because I'd really like to see off of cigarettes to their nasty, nasty.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, I like I smell like them and people only want to be around me. My fiance. One kiss me or nothing, because I have to go brush my
Joan Kandel: Teeth. Yes.
Joan Kandel: That's right. I
Brandon Fenley: Wanted to
Joan Kandel: And the kids don't like it.
Brandon Fenley: No I don't smoke around the kids.
Brandon Fenley: You
Joan Kandel: Know like it. I'm sure I'm sure they notice
Brandon Fenley: My daughter says a nice think Dad, why do you stink.
Yeah.
Brandon Fenley: Oh, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Ha ha ha ha, yeah, kids, they don't pull punches. They just tell it like it is.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, all right. Okay, so, um,
Joan Kandel: Do you have any medical problems.
Brandon Fenley: Besides addiction, no nothing. I'm nothing I can. No, no.
Brandon Fenley: You know,
Joan Kandel: Okay, do you ever go see a doctor.
Brandon Fenley: Um,
Brandon Fenley: I think the last time I went to the doctor was actually for a nap says so. No.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Haha yeah I'm at what medications, if any, do you take
Brandon Fenley: Um I profaned let's it
Joan Kandel: Ah, OK. Nothing regular
Brandon Fenley: Nothing on a regular basis. No.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Are you allergic to anything.
Brandon Fenley: Similar and amoxicillin.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Do you, do you have asthma.
Brandon Fenley: No, ma'am.
Joan Kandel: Why are you taking singular for allergies.
Brandon Fenley: I think so. When I all I know is, is that when I was a little baby. They gave me
Brandon Fenley: amoxicillin and I swelled up and I couldn't walk or nothing. So that's, I don't know. I know it singular was, I don't know what the heck that was I think I'm saying right
Brandon Fenley: But
Brandon Fenley: I know I'm wearing too.
Joan Kandel: Okay. And that was when you were a little guy a kid.
Yes.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right. And have you ever had any surgeries at all.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, my I've had surgery on my left testicle. Because, well it out because it may got twisted. So they went in there and I twisted
Joan Kandel: Okay, so you had you had a torsion.
Brandon Fenley: Yes. Am I left school. And that was when I was in eighth grade and
Joan Kandel: Painful
Brandon Fenley: Oh yeah, it was, it was great walking around.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, so they had to go in and do surgery on that.
Brandon Fenley: Yes. And then my other surgery is I got my tonsils and adenoids out when I was
Brandon Fenley: About seven, six years old.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: Very good.
Joan Kandel: Um,
Joan Kandel: How tall are you, and how much do you weigh
Brandon Fenley: I am six foot two, and I weigh about 260
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And you don't happen to know what your blood pressure is do you
Brandon Fenley: Know, I don't
Joan Kandel: Know, probably haven't had that checked in a while. Huh.
Brandon Fenley: No thing I would do it.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, so what's the
Joan Kandel: Way, when you were stable on Suboxone before for two years. Do you remember what your dose was
Brandon Fenley: I was doing
Brandon Fenley: He was prescribing me
Brandon Fenley: For a milligrams a day.
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow.
Joan Kandel: That's a bit of a high dose. We don't usually need to prescribe that high.
Brandon Fenley: Or maybe it's three is, I think it was three. I'm sorry.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, they even that's a little bit on the high side. Yeah, most people do most people do really well on either one or two a day will kind of get a sense of how you do
Joan Kandel: Yeah, has been a long time since you took any Suboxone but two years.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, it's been, I can get them on the streets to and
Joan Kandel: Have you
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, I have before. It's been about a year, but I can find them on the streets, they're expensive. Um, but I know that generic version. I'm
Brandon Fenley: The generic version of Suboxone, it does not. It doesn't work as well as the Suboxone
Brandon Fenley: Brand. You know what I mean. I don't know why.
Brandon Fenley: Or whatever, but it's just
Brandon Fenley: The, the real, the real brand works way better.
Joan Kandel: Some people have told me that. Yeah. And some people do find on the generic but some people really feel it for them it doesn't work as well.
Why you know
Joan Kandel: I don't know. It's very strange. I think it's strange.
Joan Kandel: Do you know if your insurance will cover the brand brand name.
Brandon Fenley: I don't know.
Joan Kandel: Okay, well, what we'll do. Brandon is I will write for Suboxone the brand and I'll put a note on there for the pharmacists that
Joan Kandel: That they should prescribe the brand name if it's covered by your insurance.
Joan Kandel: But if it's but if it's not, I don't want you to have to go without it, because
Joan Kandel: When the generic is better than nothing right now.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am.
Joan Kandel: So sound. Okay.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am. That's fine.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good. So hopefully they'll do that and I'm, what I'm gonna do is
Joan Kandel: I'm going to start you on 16 milligrams, which is to a day and see how you do it, you're certainly going to feel a lot better than you feel right now.
Joan Kandel: And and for most people. That's, that's enough of a dose to feel stable.
Joan Kandel: And and we'll talk about it.
Joan Kandel: At group and see how your how you're doing on that dose.
Joan Kandel: Now my groups are on Tuesdays, or in the evening at 6pm. Does that work for you.
Joan Kandel: Does that prefer
Brandon Fenley: Oh yeah, I work
Joan Kandel: When
Brandon Fenley: I work Wednesday through Sunday or Wednesday through Saturday. So, that's perfect.
Joan Kandel: That is perfect. Oh, good. Oh, great. Okay, so what I'm going to do is prescribe you enough for today and tomorrow at 16 milligrams a day and then tomorrow in the evening you let me know how that's going
Joan Kandel: And and also let me know if they were able to fill the brand name for you because then what we do is we have group every week, once a week. And that's when I prescribed your minute so I usually prescribe a week at a time.
Joan Kandel: And we go from group to group.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah now works for me.
Joan Kandel: And then do I on so um yeah
Brandon Fenley: That. So, um, I try to talk to you. Do you
Brandon Fenley: Send it to the, the farmers or the pharmacist and Walmart here in Clovis or
Joan Kandel: To wherever you wherever you wanted us to
Joan Kandel: Yes, to send it. Did you tell the intake person that it was Walmart.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am. It was that, yeah, I was at Walmart.
Perfect.
Joan Kandel: Perfect, that's where I'm going to send it then. So the other thing that I'm going to prescribe. So I'm going to prescribe you four of those strips so to her for today and to her for tomorrow.
Joan Kandel: And like I say, just to reiterate, I'm going to ask them to give you the Suboxone brand. Hopefully it's covered and hopefully they can do that, but I'm going to tell them that it's not covered them to give you the generic so that you at least have it.
Joan Kandel: Yes. And I'm going to give you four of those two for today to for tomorrow.
Joan Kandel: And then the, the other thing I'm going to prescribe is a is an art can just because I think everybody should carry that around with them.
Brandon Fenley: Just I actually have a walk, but it was odd.
Brandon Fenley: I actually have cold water.
Joan Kandel: On good
Joan Kandel: Oh good, that's great. So I'm gonna I'm gonna prescribe it just so that it's at the pharmacy, but you can tell them it you have someone you don't need it. But the but the prescription will be there in case you do need it.
Brandon Fenley: Okay, now I'll take the Narcan too so
Brandon Fenley: It's fine, those good to have it to give me
Joan Kandel: Totally. Absolutely. So yeah, the more Narcan that's out there, the better. I always carry one with me whenever I go anywhere, just in case I come across somebody because
Brandon Fenley: Life is pretty cool.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah. Have you done it before.
Joan Kandel: I have not
Brandon Fenley: No.
Brandon Fenley: Have you I have. I have. It's, it's pretty, it's, it's pretty frightening.
Brandon Fenley: I've watched a lot of your
Brandon Fenley: friends know I have IoT. Yes. Everybody twice.
Brandon Fenley: My life. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And it's a snarky
Brandon Fenley: Yes. And then the person that did that he Oh dude once and his mom, call me didn't know what to do. And I live like two blocks and I ran over there and I squirted up his nose with the Narc have one an archive spray and he came back and they call 911 so it was pretty neat.
Joan Kandel: Oh that's super. I mean, you totally saved his life.
Brandon Fenley: Brandon. That's, yeah.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, this this drug is the worst drug arable I wish it. I wish never was never invented
Joan Kandel: I agree. I have one. It's pretty horrible.
Joan Kandel: It's a Chinese walls with children's lives.
Joan Kandel: It's a tough one.
Brandon Fenley: That
Brandon Fenley: is terrible, too.
Joan Kandel: Oh, that's nasty.
Brandon Fenley: Terrible serial killer.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: OK. So the other thing, Brendan, besides the weekly groups. So the groups are are required every week.
Joan Kandel: And the other thing that's a requirement is to do individual therapy and
Joan Kandel: Dominique Is the therapist, who's in our Tuesday evening group.
Joan Kandel: And she will be reaching out to you to
Joan Kandel: Set up a time for you to meet with her individually to do like an intake therapy session.
Brandon Fenley: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so that'll be good.
Joan Kandel: And then the other thing to tell you about groups is whenever you have a group appointment or any other appointment call the virtual clinic, which is the number that you had already called
Joan Kandel: So call the virtual clinic about a half an hour ahead of time because every time before group. They want to
Joan Kandel: They'll have you do as a self survey just about how you're doing and how things are going for you. And that takes a little bit of time and sometimes they get backed up.
Joan Kandel: So you don't want to be late for group. So call about a half an hour ahead of time so at about 530 tomorrow, give them a call.
Joan Kandel: 530 and
Joan Kandel: They'll give you the number to call that. Yeah, our time.
Brandon Fenley: Well, you're okay. You're in Mexico. I get what the here in California. Okay. Okay, perfect.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'm right here. Yeah, New Mexico, so call in about 530
Joan Kandel: And then
Joan Kandel: The other thing about group is that when you're in group. Do you have any headphones with a with like a microphone.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, I do. I was actually trying them out with you, but I wanted it wasn't working in my headphone jack on my phone.
Joan Kandel: Ah,
Joan Kandel: OK, so that'll be something that when you're in group, you need to have your headphones in and have nobody around.
Brandon Fenley: But just for confidentiality.
Joan Kandel: You know, so the things that people say remains private and confidential.
Brandon Fenley: You guys
Joan Kandel: Are you able to hear me.
Brandon Fenley: Would you say now.
Joan Kandel: I was wondering the headphones.
Brandon Fenley: Did you try him. Yeah.
Brandon Fenley: Can you hear me on the microphone at all.
Joan Kandel: I can, I can. Yeah, I can hear you just
Brandon Fenley: The same
Joan Kandel: You hear me in your in your ear.
Brandon Fenley: Yeah, I hear you. My ears is the old way headphone
Brandon Fenley: Jack and I need a new phone.
Joan Kandel: Oh, I see.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Yeah, well, maybe when you go to Walmart today, you can go get a good pair.
Brandon Fenley: You. I will. Oh.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that'd be good. And then the other thing, the other good thing about calling in early to
Joan Kandel: To the virtual clinic tomorrow is you can test out your headphones and make sure that it
Brandon Fenley: Works with them.
Joan Kandel: Before I go on to group.
Brandon Fenley: Okay.
Joan Kandel: The other thing about group is that during grip. There's no smoking. So make sure you have your
Joan Kandel: Your fixed before group.
Brandon Fenley: Yes. Well, how would I do that.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Okay, good. And group is an hour so
Joan Kandel: Just to let you know it's an hour.
Joan Kandel: And then the thing about a labs, did they tell you about a lab to go to to get your to get your lab strong
No.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so I'm not sure where they sent it to. But you can call the virtual clinic to find out where you're supposed to go for labs, because we do labs at the beginning of the program that's a requirement of the program, they're going to do.
Joan Kandel: Blood tests and urine test the urine is the drug screen.
Joan Kandel: And the blood tests they just kind of do general they check your, your liver and check your blood counts and also check your for hepatitis C and HIV.
Brandon Fenley: Hepatitis C.
Brandon Fenley: I don't think so. But I could be wrong. I would love to.
Check.
Brandon Fenley: No, I'm
Brandon Fenley: Kind of
Day. That's what
Brandon Fenley: They do that day or
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: You can do that today. I just don't know.
Joan Kandel: Where what lab, they sent it to so you can call the virtual clinic and find out where you're supposed to go.
Joan Kandel: Okay, um, any you might when you do find that out. You might want to give them a call, just to make sure that they are doing routine lab testing because some
Joan Kandel: labs have because of this whole covert thing are saying we're not doing any routine testing. So just, just so that you don't waste your time.
Joan Kandel: Give them a call first
Brandon Fenley: Okay. If they don't, then what do I do this car you guys to tell him that he won't
Joan Kandel: Do it don't
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so if they don't, then hopefully within you know the next couple of weeks they'll be able to do that. And so just yeah let the virtual clinic know that you called them and that that it's on hold for now.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and then one last thing to tell you about is the. Okay, good. The way we do the
Joan Kandel: This, this first
Joan Kandel: Year in drug screen is going to be at the lab, but then after that we usually do your indirect screens about once a month, and we you actually just do that at home so you don't have to go to the lab every month. So it's really nice.
Joan Kandel: And what they do is they will send you. We will send you a bright heart will send you in the mail.
Joan Kandel: A package that has a urine cup in it. So it's kind of this bulky package. So when you get that package. This is really important.
Joan Kandel: Don't open the package at all. It's going to be a big bulky envelope and what you do when you get that is call the virtual clinic and tell them, hey, I got this package. What do you want me to do.
Joan Kandel: And they'll walk you through it. They'll watch you open it on camera, and they'll watch you take it out and then they'll, they'll go through it with you on the, on the, on the phone.
Brandon Fenley: Okay, I got a question for you, um,
Joan Kandel: Is
Brandon Fenley: It is with is a I took
Brandon Fenley: It share took some things don't call me down.
Brandon Fenley: His volume is I consider a benzo honestly asking
Joan Kandel: It's events. Oh, yeah.
Brandon Fenley: YES I YES I HAVE TO
Brandon Fenley: Answer. OK.
Joan Kandel: OK, so that's going to come out on your urine test.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Okay.
Brandon Fenley: I just want to be honest with you.
Joan Kandel: Telling me
I didn't
Brandon Fenley: I don't take Xanax because I hate those things. But I know I know volume of guided was that, and it just put me to sleep. Those that
Brandon Fenley: The Xanax and maybe blackout.
Joan Kandel: Yeah so volume is
Uh huh.
Brandon Fenley: And maybe blackout. I couldn't stop.
Brandon Fenley: Items put me to sleep. I was it
Joan Kandel: Haha
Joan Kandel: It is do you do regularly take volume.
Brandon Fenley: Or was no no no no I didn't throw. Yeah, I just took it, because I've been going through withdrawal.
Joan Kandel: Great. Okay. Perfect, thanks for telling me that. So now we'll know that, that'll be positive on there. No problem.
Joan Kandel: Okay, great. Do you have any other questions for me, Brandon.
Brandon Fenley: Oh no, that's
Brandon Fenley: You said, I'll get prescribed the Suboxone today. Right. And I can pick it up today soon.
Joan Kandel: You sure. Well, yeah, you should
Joan Kandel: Soon, you're going to be out of your misery, it's gonna help you so much.
Brandon Fenley: I can't wait.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah, pretty soon you can head over there.
Joan Kandel: So yeah, so I look forward to seeing you tomorrow evening.
Brandon Fenley: Yes, ma'am. And do you think it'd be like an hour or you'll send it over there.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna send it over right now. As soon as we hang up. So it just depends how long they can process it. So I would say within an hour or two, it should be ready. Yay.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yes.
Brandon Fenley: Okay. On
Brandon Fenley: There.
Brandon Fenley: I'm gonna go lay down then
Joan Kandel: Okay, that's good. And then when you get up, you can head over there and and pick it up.
Alrighty.
Joan Kandel: Thanks for hanging in there with me. I'm sorry that you're feeling so crappy, but you'll be feeling. Oh.
Brandon Fenley: It's all your fault. It's self inflicted wounds. It's my fault.
Joan Kandel: Well, yeah, but it doesn't it doesn't make it any any more pleasant. So I know you're hurting
Brandon Fenley: But you'll be feeling better soon.
Brandon Fenley: Preach a doctor.
Joan Kandel: I will see you tomorrow. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Absolutely. I'm glad you're here tomorrow 530 in our group starts at six.
Brandon Fenley: All right, thank you so much.
Joan Kandel: Okay, bye. Brandon
Joan Kandel: Well, hey, take care.
Brandon Fenley: All right. You too.
Brandon Fenley: Bye bye. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Bye.